So what do we want to do next is to be able to go to our circle or create a circle.
You can say command enter to go to the definition or control be on windows, as you can see at the bottom
here.
And so what I want to do is when the circus is clicked, we don't want to just to show, what do we
see here?
We want to be able to do something.
Ideally want to be able to increment this value here.
So let's test things out first.
We want to be able to increment a value, which means we need to create that value or that variable.
So let's go inside still inside of our function here outside of our card and I'm going to Michel.
I say Val.
Let's say money counter.
And so back to zero, that's the first initial value.
OK.
And so here what it can do.
I can hopefully say something like this.
Money counter is equal to money counter plus one.
So each time that we click on this money counter, we are going to increase it.
But of course, I'm going to have issue because of course I said Val, but this should be far so that
we are able to mutate this, this immutable.
So if you have Val, that's going to be immutable, meaning we can't change it, but VAR will change.
It makes sense because we need something that changes and we still have an issue here or rather a warning.
So let's have a look and see what's going to happen.
It says he'll replace with operator assignment.
So yes, let's do that.
It's smarter this way.
Either way would have worked, but this is succinct and that the way we should always do it.
OK, let's run this.
And actually, before we do that, let's go ahead and say logged again because we want to see, you
know, cancel this value.
So I'm going to go ahead and say my counter to see if it actually changes anything.
Money counter today is OK and just going to say counter.
All right, let's see.
Let's go ahead and run.
Let's go ahead and also open a console there, and I'm going to say, and when I look for a counter
right to so we can see the results just for a counter.
OK, let's go ahead and see.
All right, so I keep clicking and I don't see anything, maybe I missed something.
Let's see.
Is that true?
Counter, okay, that's nice local one, and it works fine.
OK, because we can see as we tap the value being incremented, that's fine.
Now let's let's see something else here because the idea really, it's not to log these values, it
is to hopefully see the changes somewhere in our UI.
Let's change, for instance, this tab and say, instead of saying tab, I'm going to attach another
variable here or in this case, money counter variable.
Let's see what's going to happen now.
So I'm going to go ahead and leave that as it is when I run this.
So the idea is that as I tap, I should see my Nick Hunter also going up just like we saw here, right?
Let's wait for a second.
OK, let's try again.
Click.
We noticed that the counter works fine to.
Three and so forth.
However, when it comes to changing our tax here, we should say tap also incrementing right first one.
And so forth.
This tap money is the same variable that we are showing in our log here.
Yet in our league, it's going up, but at the moment we attach to a composable a UI piece of you are
here you are.
We did, then we don't see that change.
What is happening here?
Well, this is an important concept that we really need to understand in compose, which is in order
for us to see changes in our tax here or in this fight, in this case, in any other composable function,
as you see here.
This is not going to do it.
The reason being is because whenever we want to change something inside of a composer, composable function
in this case, a text, right?
We need to redraw that composable, which means this text here has to be redrawn with the new value.
And if you remember correctly what we talk about, between the difference between the imperative approach
in Android versus the declarative approach in a declarative approach, we are passing data through the
composable functions and then the composing function reacts to that data.
That's the idea.
So how do we make this to react to that data, which in this case mean to rerun itself, to redraw itself?
By the way, this redrawing itself?
It's called recomposition in compose, and we'll talk about that in a second.
For that to happen, there's a special variables that we need to pass here or we need to create for
this to happen.
The special variable will create what it's called an internal state because we need this state so that
we can control that something has changed that way.
This composable text here will know my data.
Money has changed.
That means I have to withdraw myself, compose myself to show that new change.
Interesting.
That means then for, in our case here what I would need to do.
I'm going to say VAR money counter.
I'm going to use delegation here.
I'm going to say by delegate this responsibility to some other class.
We don't even have to know about, let's say, mutable state of like that.
And this mutable state of I'm going to pass a value of zero in the beginning.
So what are we doing now we are seeing this, my counter is going, it's not going to be just an integer,
it's going to be something.
That is wrapped into a state which is needed for us to be able to obviously hear.
To recompose our texts, so it gets the correct value as we change, as the value is changed, obviously.
So we're going to have some issues here because we need to import a few things.
So just hover over like this.
You can go ahead and import or you can just say alt or option enter.
It's going to start importing everything we need.
We imported that, but we need to keep importing until that is not right anymore.
Now we have another problem here.
If you have over, he's going to say OK, creating a state object recomposition without using, remember?
So that's another concept here that needs to be addressed.
The idea is that when state changes, obviously the UI must also change.
That means then we need a way in which this function here composable will always remember the state.
So that's what's happening here, so we need to actually say something like this.
So I'm going to say here, buy and then put start writing here.
Remember like this hit enter.
You know, remember is a.
So now we're going to take this mutable state.
I've just put that inside there.
So what I'm saying now is that, yes, we are going to create a multiple state of and we passed the
value here they need, they need value is zero, which will be implied to say this is indeed an integer.
And then we're going to have to remember that state and all that is going to be.
And we are going to put all that value instead of my counter.
So now this no longer is just an integer if you have a olver, says my country, isn't it?
However, we wrapped it inside of a member as well as a mutable seed, which is really important.
So now if you use my counter, things are going to work.
So now let's see if this works.
I'm going to go ahead and run this.
OK, let's see if this is going to work.
Remember, I still have counter here on debugging open if I click and you can see make this a little
bit bigger, we can see that tap is one two and is working as intended.
So what's happening here because we have that state attached to my counter and is being remembered?
What's happening now?
The text will know that, OK, this is being changed the moment that we click, as since it's been changed,
the value is changing.
And I will remember that because it's a remember because we have a state and it's going to be remembered.
What happens now?
This is being recompose, meaning it's being redrawn again each time that this value is changing.
That's why we're able to see what's happened here, 10 and so forth.
And just now you've learned the most important one of the most important concepts in compose, which
means we need to have a state.
For us to be able to see changes to update a user interface in this case, this text or any other composable
function of their.
So you see the difference here is that we have data and we passed that data through our widget.
In this case, our campus function.
And then that's when the compose function will then come to life or will update itself because it will
know now it's time for me to update myself because I have new data.
And that's why this is working now.
Very good.
So now we're going to take a little break and go and understand a few other concepts that surround this
one concept we've learned, right?
We need to understand a little bit more how this recompose because I've talked about recomposition and
so forth.
What is it and how all of that works?
And then we're going to compare again the imperative approach versus the declarative approach, which
is why are we using here?